{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2070\b\f0\fs20 To Do:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 (Apply To Do items in the Etc section from the WM library.)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Create a wrapper class for a menu bar?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Implement detection of radio state changes (module presence and device on/off) for the phone time source.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Create a wrapper class for SYSTEMTIME that allows arithmetic operations?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Which value to use for the maximum age of GPS location information? Use the \f1 GPS_DEVICE.ftLastDataReceived\f0  field to calculate a delay?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How to specify if a time source delivers UTC or local time?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sort time sources by name?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Change the window class to handle all messages in a separate thread, so that it is always responsive? With that I don't need to finalize the time sources in a separate thread, it is done implicitly.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Profile the application, both in memory and speed.\par
\lang1033{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Convert t\lang2070 ime sources to \lang1033 DLL plug-ins.\lang2070\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Abstract the time sources into the WM library?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Use DST to automatically adjust the time?\par
\lang1033{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Use an icon based on official icons?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Notify on time updates? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa928067.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa928067.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Store settings on an INI or YAML file?\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.jellycan.com/simpleini/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.jellycan.com/simpleini/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://code.google.com/p/yaml-cpp/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/p/yaml-cpp/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang2070 Projects:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Applet: Control panel applet.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Service: System service.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Settings: Can also be applied individually for each time source to override global settings.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Number of samples to take per synchronization.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How long should each synchronization last, at max.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Synchronization function. Defaults to median average.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Update frequency. Defaults to every 6h when the power level is above 50%, every 12h when between 20% and 50%, and stops when below 20%. The threshold limits as well as the intervals are customizable. (See \f1 GetSystemPowerStatusEx\f0 , \f1 RequestPowerNotifications\f0 .)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Update mode to determine how to handle turning on/off a time source.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004 On manual doesn't change a time source's state, e.g. if GPS is off doesn't turn it on.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}On automatic, if a time source is initally:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1364 On: just uses it, but doesn't turn it off afterwards.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Off: turns it on to use it, and then turns it off afterwards.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang1033 Time sources:\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644\lang1033 FM Radio: Obtains the time from RDS data sent by radio stations.\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=497977"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=497977}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=3560477&postcount=34"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=3560477&postcount=34}}}\f0\fs20  \lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Internet: Obtains the time from an NTP server.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917471.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917471.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa924901.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa924901.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard\lang1033\par
\b Links:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Services:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Control Panel Applet:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 API: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms914264.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms914264.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Programmatically show applets: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://knowledgepointer.wordpress.com/2009/02/07/how-to-show-control-panel-applets/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://knowledgepointer.wordpress.com/2009/02/07/how-to-show-control-panel-applets/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Interface:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Today Screen Plug-in: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Today item: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Dvorak Soft Input Panel: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Auto vertical scrollbar multiline text box: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Etc:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Window Mobile (reference, docs, articles): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How To's: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Battery indicator for PocketPC: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/batti/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/p/batti/}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}30 Days of Windows Mobile in Native: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hook kernel functions: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vibrate/Trap hardware buttons: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard\par
}
 