{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2070\b\f0\fs20 To Do:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Add license.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Make Logger a stream, to be safer to output parameters and not use va_list.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}To get system time from RIL first check device capabilities {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917950.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917950.aspx}}}\f0\fs20 , then ask for the time {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa921517.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa921517.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\lang1033{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Convert RIL error codes to strings (use "FormatMessage" with the library handle). Use better error messages for thrown exceptions.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Create a mock RIL to use for testing under the debugger/emulator?\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Create a TimeSource class.\par
\lang2070{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Move WM code to a separate project as a library.\lang1033\par
\lang2070{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Add documentation when the interface is final.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Read Windows Mobile documentation on MSDN.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Find out why the SIP icon appears after screen rotation, in my Sony Ericsson X1.\par
\pard\par
\b Ideas:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang1033 Projects: \lang2070 "Executable", "Applet", "Service".\lang1033\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Add accelerators for the graphical interface?\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Use an icon based on official Windows Mobile icons?\par
\lang2070{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Correct the time using Daylight saving time?\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Coding style doc? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/webtoolkit/makinggwtbetter.html#codestyle"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/webtoolkit/makinggwtbetter.html#codestyle}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\lang1033{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Time sources (as DLL plug-ins to make the application extensible):\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 FM radio RDS time.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}GPS time (from time to time, when GPS is on and fixed, when the current phone tower cell changes).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Internet time (from time to time, when on-line).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Cellular Radio / Cellular Network / Network Operator / Cell tower / Cell site\par
\pard\par
\b WM Library:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang2070 Remove or clean up "stdafx.h".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}WM::Application\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Remove the error function and create a MessageBox class from it.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 WM::String\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Create a function to convert from "char" to "wchar_t", and vice-versa.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 WM::Label\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Remove the spacing variable when calculating the text size.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 WM::Menu\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Distinguish between MenuBar and PopupMenu?\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 WM::Window / WM::Widget\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Prevent adding a widget to multiple windows, and multiple times to the same window.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Implement padding.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Implement removal of child widgets.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Implement removal of the menu bar, and check if one has been added already.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Implement changing of window position, size and margin.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang1033 WM::Length\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644\lang2070 Implement math operators so that lengths with different units can be added, subtracted, etc?\lang1033\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 WM::TextBox\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Implement Label's fit-to-width?\par
\lang2070{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Preserve cursor position and selection if the text is changed.\lang1033\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Align text horizontally and vertically.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Change horizontal alignment regardless of single or multi-line.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Change horizontal alignment regardless of widget creation time.\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 "ril.h":\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Taken as "ril-2009.h" from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nah6.com/~itsme/cvs-xdadevtools/itsutils/libril/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://nah6.com/~itsme/cvs-xdadevtools/itsutils/libril/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Old version? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/ril/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/ril/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Add remaining functions to "rilWrapper"\par
\pard\par
\b Links:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Location aware:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 GPS Clock: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cjcraft.com/blog/2008/06/22/30DaysOfNETWindowsMobileApplicationsDay22GPSClock.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.cjcraft.com/blog/2008/06/22/30DaysOfNETWindowsMobileApplicationsDay22GPSClock.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\lang2070{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Applications that use GPS: \lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158727.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158727.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Services:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Control Panel Applet:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 API: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms914264.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms914264.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Programmatically show applets: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://knowledgepointer.wordpress.com/2009/02/07/how-to-show-control-panel-applets/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://knowledgepointer.wordpress.com/2009/02/07/how-to-show-control-panel-applets/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Interface:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Today Screen Plug-in: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Today item: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Dvorak Soft Input Panel: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Auto vertical scrollbar multiline text box: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Etc:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Window Mobile (reference, docs, articles): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}How To's: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Battery indicator for PocketPC: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/batti/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/p/batti/}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}30 Days of Windows Mobile in Native: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Hook kernel functions: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Vibrate/Trap hardware buttons: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard\par
}
 