{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2070\b\f0\fs20 To Do:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Don't mix checking if a window exists with moving it to foreground:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Create a WinMain macro?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Create a WidgetClass type?\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284\lang1033 Fix appearance of the SIP icon after screen rotation.\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644\lang1033 See "\f1 SHFullScreen\f0 " with "\f1 SHFS_HIDESIPBUTTON\f0 "?\lang2070\par
\lang1033{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}See MS_SIPBUTTON window/class.\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Use YAML instead of INI to store settings? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/yaml-cpp/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/p/yaml-cpp/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Implement location sources and listeners to detect when the time might have changed?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Implement detection of radio state changes (module presence and device on/off) for the phone time source.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Which value to use for the maximum age of GPS location information? Use the \f1 GPS_DEVICE.ftLastDataReceived\f0  field to calculate a delay?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How to specify if a time source delivers UTC or local time?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Navigate text boxes by tab index.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Create program icon.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sort time sources by name?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Context-sensitive help?\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Profile the application (memory and speed).\lang1033\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Time sources:\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644\lang1033 FM Radio: RDS data sent by radio stations. (\f1 fms.dll\f0 , \f1 fms_api.dll\f0 )\lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=497977"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=497977}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=3560477&postcount=34"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=3560477&postcount=34}}}\f0\fs20  \lang2070\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Internet: NTP server.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917471.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa917471.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa924901.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa924901.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 External dependencies:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 SimpleIni: \f1 $(ProgramFiles)\\simpleini\f0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li1004\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.jellycan.com/simpleini/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.jellycan.com/simpleini/}}}\lang2070\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Windows Embedded CE 6.0: \f1 $(SystemDrive)\\WINCE600\\PUBLIC\f0\par
\pard\lang1033\par
\b Links:\b0  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Services:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa919501.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa919501.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa446909.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa446909.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms838599.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://bansky.net/blog/2008/04/services-for-windows-mobile-in-managed-code/}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.codeplex.com/managedserviceswm}}}\f0\fs20  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Interface:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Notifications (SHNotificationAdd): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa928067.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa928067.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Today Screen Plug-in: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/windowsmobile/bb264330.aspx#WMPStatusPlugin}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Today item: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms839327.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Dvorak Soft Input Panel: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms881221.aspx}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Auto vertical scrollbar multiline text box: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/562313/automatically-display-vertical-scrollbar-in-multiline-text-edit-control}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li284 Etc:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li644 Battery: \lang2070\f1 GetSystemPowerStatusEx\f0 , \f1 RequestPowerNotifications\f0 .\lang1033\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Window Mobile (reference, docs, articles): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb158484.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}How To's: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://mvp.support.microsoft.com/default.aspx/profile/joao.paulo}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Battery indicator for PocketPC: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/batti/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://code.google.com/p/batti/}}}\f0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}30 Days of Windows Mobile in Native: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.christec.co.nz/blog/archives/350}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hook kernel functions: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=255831}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vibrate/Trap hardware buttons: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.xs4all.nl/~itsme/projects/xda/wince-misc-programming-tips.html}}}\f0\fs20  \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Special folder location: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa453706.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa453706.aspx}}}\f0\fs20\par
\pard\par
}
 